Whether you are using waterfall, Agile or a blend,
and in fact most companies seem to be using a blend,
these processes will still apply.
Now in no way am I implying by the order that I have presented
my processes that waterfall is the way to go.
Use whatever methodology works for you and your team,
but quite frankly,
the order by which I presented is a more natural and
organized approach to learn about them.
Also, Agile used right is great, Agile used wrong is chaos.
So you need to have process.
Okay, let's summarize this module.
Now let's recap this module.
Alright, so what are your key processes?
I have talked about 10 key processes, which ones will be yours?
So determine your key processes,
you may use some of the ones I presented or you may come up with
some brand new ones I haven't even thought of.
Alright good,
so use these in this module as a start and evolve them as you need them.
Add, remove or improve them.
I highly recommend that.
And when you do,
be sure you document them and be sure you educate and train your team members
to fully understand the process and the expected outcomes.
And of course, continuously improve.
Meet quarterly or monthly or whatever the cadence may be to continually
review your processes and continue to make them better.
Alright,
in the next module we will wrap up and summarize the entire course and how far
you've come to being a better and more prepared management. I'll see you there.